<span data-preserver-spaces="true">One of the many passions of mine is technology and of course apps for either my iPhone or even iPad. A while back I did a review of the </span><span data-preserver-spaces="true">iGrill </span><span data-preserver-spaces="true">and I was really happy with the product on how the iGrill combined both my passions: technology and of course BBQ and Grilling but there was some features that in my mind was missing. Now the team at iDevices have produced the iGrill Mini, which is filled with a lot of the same features but also some brand new and must have features with a small price tag.</span>

<span data-preserver-spaces="true">One of the many aspects of <a href="https://theonlinegrill.com/best-grill-thermometers/">grill surface thermometers</a> that I am not a big fan of is there is no real place to place it near or on a grill or smoker. But the folks at iDevices have found the answer to this common problem. The iGrill </span><em><span data-preserver-spaces="true">mini m</span></em><span data-preserver-spaces="true">agnetically mounts to your grill or smoker and choose from two viewing angles. Have a smoker or grill that isn’t magnet-friendly? No problem, the iGrill </span><em><span data-preserver-spaces="true">mini</span></em><span data-preserver-spaces="true"> comes with an optional magnetic disk to stick onto your grill or smoker, which is another great benefit.</span>
<h2><span data-preserver-spaces="true">Does Size Matter?</span></h2>
<span data-preserver-spaces="true">Don’t let the size of the iGrillmini fool you; the team at iDevices haven’t compromised any of the great iGrill features you’ve come to know and love. In fact, with the iGrillmini, you’ll be getting a ton of new features like a Smart LED, magnetic mounting and a seriously extended battery life. I would however like to have more than just being able to connect more than one probe but I think that because of the size of the device it is hard to connect multiple probes.</span>
<h2><span data-preserver-spaces="true">Graphing and Sharing</span></h2>
<span data-preserver-spaces="true">One of the best ways for a barbecue pitmaster to improve is tracking cooks through graphs and creating spreadsheets. Trust me I have made my fair share of spreadsheets but is annoying is that when you are creating a spreadsheet you don’t have the time to open the pit every hour and take a temp, write it down and then do that until the end of your cook. But the iGrill</span><em><span data-preserver-spaces="true">mini</span></em><span data-preserver-spaces="true"> does all that for you in the app and you can export it into a excel document which will enable you to save and then look back at your overall cook and progress and see how you can improve on your next cook.</span>
<h2><span data-preserver-spaces="true">iDevices Connected App</span></h2>
<span data-preserver-spaces="true">One of the biggest downsides of the old iGrill App was not having the ability to look at multiple devices but with the improved apple app the iDevice team solved this problem with the new iDevices Connected App. This made the experience of pairing the app a lot easier and quicker. I would however like to see a desktop app in the future to be apart of the offerings of apps. I understand that mobile is the new thing, but I personally like the ability to sit at my laptop and not have to worry about having enough juice in my iPhone for me to monitor my cook would be a great new addition.</span>
<h2><span data-preserver-spaces="true">Overall Impression:</span></h2>
<span data-preserver-spaces="true">Overall, I really liked the product and I think that it is something that everyone should have being that the price point is low which makes this product even more attractive to the average backyarder who really doesn’t want to spend a lot of money on a wireless thermometer. So what are you waiting for? Head over to </span><span data-preserver-spaces="true">iDevicesinc.com</span><span data-preserver-spaces="true"> and purchase your iGrill mini today!</span>
